All names, characters, places, and events are purely fictional.
Timing & subtitles brought to you by the Touch Me If You Can Team @ Viki
Why are you doing this?
I will take responsibility for your family for the rest of your lives.
That's the only way I am able to compensate you.
But I don't even know who you are.
I am the son of the person who murdered both Lee Sung Gyoon and Lee Sung Gyoon's father.
Please do not forgive my father.
I will not forgive my father either.
Untouchable
- 14 -
Joo Tae Seop killed Lee Sung Gyoon.
Don't you think he is making things worse?
Lee Sung Gyoon needed to be taken care of anyway.
Joo Tae Seop is simply doing what he should do.
There is something that can be stopped with my power as Police Chief.
Jang Joon Seo currently has a prosecutor on his side.
If he's not careful, he's going to flare up my temper.
It seems like you've gotten soft.
Are you doubting our power because I'm being temporarily detained?
No, that is definitely not the case.
You are not the Police Chief.
You're just a worker in the world that he has created.
Don't get it confused with the world you live in.
Okay. I understand.
I didn't think it through.
Police?! A beast doesn't realize he's an animal and tries to act like a human?!
What should I do about a bastard like that?!
How did you find out that former mayor Jang Beom Ho killed Detective Lee's father?
I saw it with my own eyes.
Did you tell Detective Lee?
No. I couldn't tell him.
Why?
I was afraid he would suffer the same fate as Jung Hye.
But in the end, that's what happened.
Another colleague of mine has died unjustly.
We can't just sit back and watch anymore.
We are going to find Jang Beom Ho.
If he uses a trick to escape again...
I'm going to kill your father.
He's already dead to the world.
There's no one to penalize me for killing him.
You also need to make a choice.
If you feel like you can't be with us, take your hands off of this now.
You can't kill your father with your own hands.
I will deal with my father.
A son will not be able to kill his own father.
But a father will not be able to kill his own son.
Harimoto Ichiro... Jang Beom Ho
You guys are wrong.
I am not Jang Beom Ho.
Father...
Why did you appear again? Why?
For what purpose? What Reason? Why?
Lee Sung Gyoon is dead.
Who is Lee Sung Gyoon?
He's the son of the man father beat to death with the burning log.
So what?
He's the son of Byung Suk ahjussi. He killed the father and now he killed the son.
Our father did this.
Jang Joon Seo...
You really need to free yourself from father's ghost.
Our father is dead and that guy is dead because of you.
If you hadn't run after that nonsensical illusion, he would not have died.
It's all your fault.
Fine. He died because of me.
If I had reported father back then, the son wouldn't have died.
Bukcheon was a world our father controlled.
If it wasn't for our father, Bukcheon would have been torn apart bit by bit...
and would have been made non-existent from this world.
He created that world.
In order to create that world, some insignificant people needed to be sacrificed.
Have you no thought that father could be alive, in that messed up thinking of yours?
He never intended to hand Bukcheon over to you.
Father never gave up on Bukcheon, even after his death.
Don't be father's puppet anymore... please.
Is that how I look to you?
Hyung, I'm afraid of father.
You're afraid of father too?
If we pretend not to know, nothing else will happen.
No more people will have to die.
Then just let it go. Let him do whatever he wants.
Then we have to live like this for the rest of our lives.
Just like we did in the past. That's what I'm afraid of.
News of Lee Seong Gyun's murder isn't in the newspaper, on broadcast or on the internet.
Lee Seong Gyun has disappeared without a trace.
If he didn't save us,
we would have disappeared in the same way.
Just like the officers. It would have been dismissed as an accident.
Prosecutor... if you could work through the prosecutors office...
No, that's not it.
Prosecutor Seo is in more danger than anyone else.
Because she's the only person to have seen Jang Beom Ho alive.
As Team Leader Go said, I'm someone who can't get out of this case anymore,
but you guys are different. Even now...
What? You're telling me to get out of this?
You are currently under suspension.
There's no reason for you to keep hanging onto this case.
Prosecutor, I hated Lee Seong Gyun.
Do you know why?
Because he was a real police.
Someone I could never keep up with...
Because I was embarrassed... I hated him out of envy.
Someone like him can't just die like a dog.
He should have stayed alive until the end,
to show everyone that the police of our country are this cool,
this is what a real police is like.
It's so unfair that I feel like I'm going to die.
The only thing I can do right now,
is go after his wishes.
If you're going to get out of this, go ahead.
Even if I die, I'm going to complete his wish.
We can't get out anyway.
While Jang Beom Ho is alive, we will also die like Lee Seong Gyun some day.
We have to find Jang Beom Ho.
We have to find him, and make it so he can never come back alive.
That's how we can live.
Are you uncomfortable anywhere?
No, I'm comfortable.
Just deal with this a little longer. You'll be out soon.
Where is father?
Shouldn't you at least know where he is?
He must have gone somewhere good, since he did many good things before he passed away.
Isn't it embarrassing?
Why do I have to hear about the fact that my father's alive from someone else?
Did he not trust me at all?
You've heard false rumours.
Yong Ahjussi, I'll ask you again.
Where is father?
He passed away.
Tell father, I... miss him.
Tell him that I miss the father that tricked his own son.
Tell him that if he deceives me one more time, his puppet will get extremely angry.
Officer Goo, could you get Noh Ji Wan's call records? I bet there's a record of him communicating with Joo Tae Seop.
You are telling me to get the call records for the current Police Chief?
Do you think that it's possible?
It's possible if it's you.
That's true, I want to complete Lee Seong Gyun's wish, what is there that I can't do?
Why don't I just bring down a satellite from out of the sky...
and pull it right now. Don't worry.
Team Leader Go and Jae Woo, please find this person.
This is the doctor who pronounced my father was dead.
He's the only person who can reveal the secret of my father's death.
He's probably in a hideout in Seoul somewhere.
Team Leader Jang, if we go about this the wrong way, we could make it dangerous for him.
This person will always be on the run as long as my father is alive.
Director Lee Sun Mi stated in a press briefing this afternoon...
that there are plans to build the largest international financial center in Asia within Bukcheon.
The Bukcheon international financial center will house the financial institutions of the world...
and will be developed as the new hub of Asian finance.
Ah yes. I'm very grateful to you for airing the broadcast earlier than planned.
The broadcast was quite adequate.
No.
Of course it's something I should be grateful for.
Bukcheon is my hometown.
Now I see why the Goo family was so interested in that piece of land.
If the international finance center is built, the surrounding area will become the new center of Bukcheon.
The value of the land will go up ten-fold.
How much is that worth?
Aigoo, I'm going crazy.
I should have inherited that land. I'm the crazy one.
I never paid attention to it because I thought it could get taken from me at any moment.
What do you mean taken from you at any moment? Didn't that all belong to grandfather?
That land originally belonged to the Japanese during the occupation.
But as soon as we became independent, my father secretly had the ownership of the land transferred to his name.
The truth is, that land should have been transferred to the national government.
That's why I never paid attention to it.
So you are saying that golden plot of land can be turned into a plot of poop?
What do you mean by that?
- Yes?
- What happened to the matter I requested?
Yes, I found it. I'll come in person and tell you the details.
Father, the real estate records were managed by Bukcheon city officials during the Japanese occupation, correct?
Of course. Why do you ask?
That's the reason Goo Ja Gyeong wants to make Gi Seo the mayor.
Chairman Harimoto has said he will postpone the withdrawal of investments on the land he used for collateral.
But instead, he is thinking of having it turned over as public property.
No. We have absolutely no such intentions.
The situation has changed.
If we were to get a loan from the bank using that land as collateral...
it's worth so much that we could easily get 500 million dollars.
Didn't you tell me yourself that there's corruption involved?
You have no idea when and how the situation my change again.
That land has already become a center for international business.
Do you really think they'll expose that corruption?
I understand. I'll let the chairman know for now.
Are the business talks going well?
What did you find?
Oh that...
It's the report on Jung Yoon Mi's husband's death.
The story of his death is quite shocking. I think it will be very helpful for the campaign.
Death Report
[ Cause of death: Sickness: Miscellaneous (Death due to serious malnutrition)
Location: In another city
On the road ]
Thanks for your hard work.
It's nothing. Of course I should help if it's to help Gi Seo become mayor.
You are satellite number one.
You are satellite number two.
I'm the space station. You understand the organizational structure, right?
Yes,
The hands that were dirtied from pickpocketing all this time...
You're being placed into a universal mission that is for the good of all mankind.
Isn't this an honor?
- Ah, yes.
- Yes.
Satellite one, the target is approaching.
Right now.
Sorry.
Here you go.
[ 010-4039-81
Lieutenant Park Do Chang
010-8630-31... ]
Go.
Shhh. Be still.
Sorry. I'm really in a hurry.
Candidate Jung Yoon Mi's husband died homeless.
Jung Yoon Mi reported her own husband.
Something too bad was exposed. It won't be easy to recover from it.
Seeing the flow of the news at the moment, I think retrieving the cost of the campaign will be difficult.
I think it's a clear choice to give up right now.
Hello, Prosecutor.
You're saying that you'll give up on my Mom, right?
Honestly, she's a good person for politics. I think she'll succeed.
However, in this election...
You're saying a woman who reported her own husband and left him to die homeless would make a good politician...
You think she'll succeed?
You know the inner workings of this world.
Power doesn't go to nice people.
Right, but the problem is that the bad person is my mom.
Let me ask you one thing. Did you know or not?
I didn't know.
You're lying, right?
I Ra...
You should have just said you did it for me.
That you did it because it would have stopped me from succeeding as a prosecutor.
It's what that person wanted.
He said he wanted to stay as a good dad to you.
Do you know where he was buried?
Mom, Dad is our family.
He has no right to be your father or my husband.
Dad loved me, Mom.
I was also in anguish and in pain.
I just didn't want you to be hurt as well.
Fine, I'll believe it as so.
I"ll try my best to. If not, I don't think I'll be able to forgive you.
Yes, I'm Jung Yoon Mi.
Hello, I'm Director Jang Gyu Ho from Bukcheon Construction.
Director Jang Gyu Ho?
Yes, Prosecutor Seo I Ra is alone. Yes, right now.
She's getting in a taxi.
Yes, I understand.
Follow the taxi?
Forget it, our work ends here. Let's head to the station.
Who were you on the phone with?
The police. A much more powerful one.
You must've been very upset from the recent article.
Wasn't it your side who released it?
What is my side?
You're also a part of the Jang family.
Just because I'm part of the Jang family, doesn't mean we're on the same side.
Please get to the point.
It'll be hard to win this election, because Jang Gi Seo has the amazing Goo Ja Gyeong helping him.
So you're telling me to give up?
No. I'm giving you strength to not give up.
The way to beat Gi Seo is actually quite simple. Make Goo Ja Gyeong be on your side.
Because Goo Ja Gyeong has all of Jang family's power right now.
Say something that's feasible. The two of them are a married couple.
Weren't you and your husband also a married couple?
Use this to bring Goo Ja Gyeong onto your side.
I think you have a lot of greed, why don't you do it yourself? Why are you giving me this...
I have no ambition to go all the way up at once. I will go slowly, and start from Deputy Mayor.
Of course, it'll only be possible if you become Mayor.
What is the content?
It's a matter of justice and there are two ways to use this document.
Do we spread the wings of justice or fold them?
I'm in front of my house, I'm almost home.
I told you to call me when you got off work. It's dangerous for you to go around alone.
Don't worry, I can protect my own body.
Call me when you get home. Be careful until you get into your house.
Okay.
If someone next to me heard this they'd think I'm in a relationship.
My car is at the company, I think I'll have to take yours.
Where's the key?
Yes, I found it.
- Pregnancy Notebook
- Goo Ja Gyeong
Then we'll have to live like this for the rest of our lives too.
Just like how we did in the past.
I'm scared of that.
Don't come. Don't come.
Don't come!
I Ra!
You're back?
Sit.
It's been a while, let's drink together.
Ja Gyeong.
If that child was born to us,
would there have been a change in our relationship?
I wish you wouldn't take about the past. It's annoying.
Nothing about you has changed.
You're exactly the same as when I first met you.
You only saw Joon Seo then. Although it was hard, I acknowledged it right away.
And I gave up.
What are you trying to say?
I saw the ultrasound picture in your bag.
Isn't it weird?
I saw hope instead of despair.
I thought I would be able to have what I gave up on a long time ago.
I also understood why you wanted to leave me. You also...
wanted to have hope.
Ja Gyeong...
shall we leave together?
I don't have lingering feelings toward what's not mine to begin with.
I want to rest with you.
Where did you get that gun from?
I applied to the police arms division for an official permit.
Why? Why do you need to carry a gun around with you?
- There's a reason for it.
- Tell me why!
A prosecutor is a dangerous profession. I carry it around because I need it.
You're carrying it around because you think your life is in danger.
You... you even shot a gun.
I Ra, what exactly is happening to you?
Yes, I got home safely. Nothing happened, so don't worry.
Who is it?
It's Jang Joon Seo, right? He put you in this situation right?
You... don't get involved with him anymore.
Don't get involved with anything that has to do with him.
Forget it. Don't make this into such a big deal.
It was nothing. It's not something for you to care about.
You... quit your job as a prosecutor.
No matter what I do I'll get you an office, so leave this place and become a lawyer.
It's my life. I'll do what I want.
Hey, Seo I Ra!
I... how can I live when I'm so uneasy. You're my entire life.
Don't pull me into your life like that.
Don't talk as if you lived for me.
Mom, you just lived for your own life.
Throwing Dad away, also wasn't for me, it was for yourself.
I'm just an excuse for your ambitions.
No matter what you say I'm your Mom.
I'm going to protect you, no matter what I have to do.
I have no regret towards the things that aren't mine.
I want to rest, with you.
Do you have the confidence to not come back?
I want to find my real life. Give me a chance, Ja Gyeong.
[Viki Ver] jTBC E14 Untouchable
-= Ruo Xi =-
Yes?
I'm Jung Yoon Mi.
Why are you contacting me?
I have something to say.
When can I meet you?
My time is a bit...
I could change my mind...
shouldn't we meet before that happens?
I'll find some time.
Citizens are happy, making Bukcheon liveable
Call me when you get off work. Don't go off on your own again.
Hey.
If what happened to Jung Hye unnie happens to me...
will you miss me as much as you miss Jung Hye unnie?
Why? Why are you suddenly saying stuff like that?
No, I just wanted to say it. Don't worry about it.
I really want to die.
Yes, hello. Customer, while using our card...
Rude b*stard.
Did anything come up?
I've checked most of the numbers.
None of them seem to be Joo Tae Seop's voice.
This guy is suspicious. He spoke with this guy the most before the Lee Sung Gyoon incident.
Is he not picking up the phone?
There's signal, but I think he isn't picking up calls from unknown numbers.
Have it show up as being from Noh Ji Wan. I'll bet he'll pick it up then.
That's illegal.
I"m just saying.
Am I a police officer or a criminal?
What is my identity?
Elections really hurt people.
But they can also be freeing.
Like washing away dirt that's been sitting on your skin for a long time.
You're adjusting to this world quickly.
When I looked into the registry...
I saw that the site for the expo was previously under your name.
Wasn't that land originally designated as a greenbelt property?
I'm disappointed.
Anyone can find that kind of weakness just by searching on the internet.
I guess I misjudged you.
Adjusting to this world...
will take you a little more time.
Not long ago, there was an article I found in the paper...
- News Story
- Prosecution Service
The work of the Prosecutors' Office that's regaining the land that once belonged to the Japanese government under the Japanese rule is moving right along.
During the civil lawsuit against the civilian who insists on the ownership of the land...
The Korean government was able to claim the land in question as its property.
Former President Goo Yong Chan, what do you think will be the effect of the international finance center...
on Bukcheon.
Bukcheon will likely take on a new appearance.
It will be a totally different city with a new way of doing things.
There was a lot of competition...
But rumors are that because of your political influence...
that Bukcheon was selected. Are these rumors correct?
Bukcheon is a city with a long history and great potential.
To make Bukcheon the best city in Korea...
I will exert all my strength.
But one thing that bothers me a bit...
Is that Japanese chairman Mokiup has been trying to get his hands on the development of this project.
This is the first time I have heard of this.
It hasn't come to the surface yet.
But I think he will give up soon.
The citizens of Bukcheon will not allow Bukcheon...
to fall into Japanese hands.
Hmmmph!
Are you doing better?
Yes, I'm sorry.
Let me see.
It's a good thing it wasn't worse.
Make sure you get this wound treated properly and...
- Take it easy for the time being and rest.
- Yes, Sir.
It's Police Chief Noh Ji Wan. Can I take the call?
Sure.
Yes, Boss.
Joo Tae Seop... where are you right now?
Are you with father?
Put me on the phone with him. I want to talk with father.
What? Didn't you say it was Chief Noh?
It's your son.
I think he knows I'm with you.
Joon Seo?
Give it.
Sir.
Put father on the phone.
Is father listening right now?
Father... let me ask you a favor.
For the sake of my brother and I, just once...
Please just once, bow down your head in front of the world.
This is the last favor I'll ask of you as your son.
For the sake of Gi Seo, who sacrificed his entire life for you.
Please... father.
Tell Hak Soo I will need to go out soon.
Yes, I'll make the call.
You were on the phone with your Father?
I heard it... the sound of my father breathing.
We found that doctor.
[Land Ledger]
I have always worked for my country.
So if I had to betray my country...
there would have to be a very big reason, enough to change my life.
You really want to be the mayor of Bukcheon?
That would only be possible if my husband dropped out of the race.
I have abandoned my lifelong belief in the value of justice.
He was in a hideout by himself in Seoul.
What should we do? Catch him?
Not by force. We need to make him feel that he needs us.
- You said you know his number?
- Yeah.
I got the number from the hotel he checked into.
Send these pictures to that number.
Timing & subtitles brought to you by the Touch Me If You Can Team @ Viki
That'll be 8,000 won.
Sir!
Do you think he knows he's being watched?
No way.
- What the? He's gone.
- What?
We just barely found him.
What? Do you have something to say to me?
Dad. Have you ever regretted sending me to that house?
Ja Gyeong... I have never thought of you as a means to an end.
You're my daughter. You're the only person who will cry for me when I die.
Do you really think I will cry for you then?
Why are you being like this?
The only person I trust is you.
But you know what? I can't trust anybody.
I want to trust people, but it's not easy.
Are you saying you can't even trust your own father?
You're the one you raised me like this.
Ja Gyeong, I just wanted you to be fit to be my daughter...
to make you into the best.
I thought Jang Gi Seo was an idiot.
I wondered why he couldn't free himself from his father.
But I realized I was more idiotic than he was.
Prosecutor.
Hello.
You're the prosecutor that took me to the hospital not too long ago, right?
Yes...
I would like your company to handle the Yoo Na Na case.
Okay, we'll do that.
I used my influence at the courthouse. She should be released soon if you file the lawsuit.
Alright.
And I won't be involved in Yong ahjussi's trial anymore. You take care of it.
If you think it will be too difficult to get an innocent verdict, do your best to shorten the sentence as much as possible.
Okay.
You can go.
I'm going to stop being your son.
I'll tell you everything.
What happened the day Jang Beom Ho died.
President Jang Gi Seo will be here soon.
Will you really be alright?
Trust me. I'll stay alive.
This medication will block your arteries little by little.
Then in about 10 minutes, your heartbeat will stop.
See you later.
Can I move him to the morgue?
Shock!
Shock! Shock! Shock!
It's not working. This was always a possibility. I'm sorry.
This is all I can do.
The mayor said he will survive. That means he will.
I can't. His heart will burst!
Do it!
Move!
Shock!
He did survive but there were some complications.
He came to me in secret to Dongpa Hospital for that treatment.
That's why I thought I would be safe.
I thought through it carefully, how I could remain alive. I came to one conclusion.
If I'm the only one who knows, I will die.
The only way I can survive is to let the world know that Jang Beom Ho is still alive.
I understand. We will protect you.
Going somewhere?
I have a quick appointment.
You look pretty.
I'm going.
Did you think about what I said?
I have never thought about it.
I already decided. You need to make your decision.
Come back quickly. I'll be waiting.
I don't have lingering feelings toward what's not mine to begin with.
I want to rest with you.
It's only possible if my husband loses the election.
I threw away the value of justice which I believed in all my life.
You're the only one I trust.
But I realized that I'm more idiotic than him.
I want to find my true life. Give me a chance, Ja Gyeong.
What is this about, Yong ahjussi?
Can you come to the detention center for a second?
There's something I want to say face-to-face.
All right. I'll visit you soon.
As you mentioned, I delivered the money to Detective Lee Seong Gyoon's family.
And I also delivered money to the families of detectives who died during the Heugryeongdo incident.
Good work.
Team Leader Jang. There's a limit to what you can resolve with money.
I know that already.
I heard that your father is with Joo Tae Seop.
If we can confirm the location where Joo Tae Seop called from, I'm sure we can find your father.
What will you do if you get to meet your father?
I made a request to my father. I'd like to give him some time for the last time.
You must be busy with election activities these days. Thank you for your time.
The reason candidate Jang Gi Seo is continuously showing high approval rating...
can be because he's the son of deceased Former Mayor Jang Beom Ho.
But I believe your role as his wife, someone who is a daughter of former President, is also great.
There's not much time left until the election.
Please tell us your statement of resolution as we approach the election.
I will probably have nothing to do with this election.
I will be divorcing candidate Jang Gi Seo very soon.
I only played a role of a fake wife all this time.
When the news of his affair broke out, the relationship between him and I were over.
He only tried to use me for the election.
I will not be playing the role of Jang family puppet any longer.
[ Breaking News: Bukcheon Mayoral Candidate of Gongmin Party, Jang Gi Seo - Goo Ja Gyeong announce shocking divorce news ]
[ Today's Issue: Bukcheon Mayoral Candidate Jang Gi Seo-Goo Ja Gyeong's Divorce, How would it affect the election? ]
[ "We were show window married couple." Bukcheon Mayoral Candidate Jang Gi Seo's wife Goo Ja Gyeong announce shocking news of divorce. ]
Did you hear about Gi Seo and Ja Gyeong's divorce?
It's not anything to be surprised about. They didn't have a good relationship to begin with.
But still, this is so sudden! What is Ja Gyeong thinking?
On top of that, right before the election?
Father. We'll become the runner up in Bukcheon.
There's only one thing left now. Goo Ja Gyeong.
I think we should spend the funds without holding back.
Yes. I believe there will be a Japyeong Party mayor for the first time in the history of Bukcheon.
Yes, of course.
[ 010-5023-12
This is Joo Tae Seop. I'd like to meet with you. ]
The fact that you have something to say to me means Father has something to say to me, right?
What is it that Father wants to tell me?
I'll admit that I ordered him to kill Yoon Jung Hye.
You didn't order him, Yong ahjussi. You only delivered his message.
Your father regretted killing Yoon Jung Hye.
He agonized over the fact that he had to kill the woman his son loved.
For price of doing so, he may have accepted the fate of dying when he could've avoided it.
That's what I think.
Why are you telling me that now? Are you telling me to forgive Father?
You must understand your father.
Then, tell him to come out and say it himself.
"I killed my son's wife. So, I'll be punished for it."
Why can't he say it himself? Why not?
Father loves you more than anyone.
So, tell him to come out to the world for the sake of the son he loves so much.
I got it. I'll tell your father.
I won't wait around too long.
Please don't let me find Father myself.
Why did you want to see me?
- Gi Seo.
- Father!
Timing & subtitles brought to you by the Touch Me If You Can Team @ Viki
[ Untouchable ]
You should've realized on your own as to why I had to do this!
Are you saying I should become the same type of person as you?
You'll have to go through me from now on. Let's get along.
Former Mayor Jang Beom Ho is alive.
Let's drive out traitors who spread false rumors!
Get out! Get out!
That's right! That's your way, Gi Seo.
Hyung, Father is crazy right now.
You have to stop him.
Don't fight your father. He's a monster.
A bigger monster than you think.